Hey Miriam, what you doing?
Learning.
Really? Because it looks like you're taking a nap at work.
That may be true but did you know that sleeping is a super important part of learning?
Huh. I didn't know that.
It's a little counter-intuitive,
but there are a bunch of different ways that
brain breaks are really helpful in helping you learn.
If you're stuck or you're refreshing about something.
When you're learning, it can help your motivation to give yourself some breathing room,
take a break, think about something else and
then get back to the problem a little bit later.
That makes sense. I do that to help myself relax a little bit,
let my frustration fade away then more resilient when I jump back into learning.
See.
A nap seems like a helpful way to do that.
Yeah, totally. There's also research that shows that
spacing out your learning over time leads to better long-term retention.
So, if you learn something and then give
your brain a little bit of time to forget it slightly,
and then you come back and use that new learning again,
the neural connections in your brain, for that knowledge,
are strengthened through that little bit of
difficulty that comes with that forgetting process.
I guess that makes sense,
but what about sleep itself,
is it useful for other reasons?
I mean, definitely.
So, when you're asleep especially in really really deep states of sleep,
your brain reactivates all the different neural networks that
were alive and processing while you are awake and
it sort of sorts through all the information and picks out
the most important parts and it helps those connections get stronger.
So, these are this really really strong conceptual understanding
of the things that you learned while you were awake.
So, if I'm trying to learn something new,
I should make sure to get as much good quality sleep as
I can and take little breaks in my learning when I need to.
That is exactly right. Taking care of your whole self including
your body and your brain is
a super important part of making your learning stick long-term.
Thanks Marion. Would you mind telling my manager that
I'll be on the couch taking a nap? See you when I wake up.
Great plan.